
* Need more in depth or more research
  - review star types
  - Planet aroung 2 times the mass of earth which means around 1.5 times the surface
  - Posibility of satellites and/or ring system

* Questions to answer
  - What constellations are around your world?
  - What animals and plants are in the planet?
  - What do the inhabitants eat or farm?
  - What medicines are there?
  - What ecology is there?
  - What social divides are there?(upper class/lower class)
  - What jobs are there and who does them?
  - What education/governmental systems are there?
  - What do people wear?
  - What do they eat?
  - What hobbies do people have?

* For the map
  - Rivers - Rivers are made out of different parts. They generally start as springs in high ground, and flow down towards the ocean, joining other springs and growing larger every time.
    Most people imagine a river like a tree, with the branches forking out, however rivers generally do not split. They take the path of least resistance down toward the ocean.
    They only split when they are travelling along flat land and end up depositing sediment in their path.
  - Biomes - According to google, biomes are "a large naturally occurring community of flora and fauna occupying a major habitat, e.g. forest or tundra." They differ based on the latitude they are at.
    Local geography also affect biomes. /u/Elektrophorus has a guide on biomes, found here
  - Plate Tectonics - Tectonics define the shape and movement of land. There are two types - Oceanic and Continental. Oceanic plates are denser, meaning they will always sink below continental plates.
    What this means for mapmaking is that they define where mountains and earthquakes could occur. This is a simple map showing earth's tectonic plates, for reference.
  - Mountains can form rain shields, having a wet side and a dry side. This is due to the rain clouds being unable to pass the top of the mountain.
  - Ocean currents allow for hot or cold air to be transported around the planet
  - Tolkien style map and map marker

* In general
  - Every mix between humans and animal search for maximum efficiency while being as closer to humans posible. example: the merfolks, closer to membranes between fingers than changing the legs
    for a tail with a fin.
