
* ToDo
  - [ ] Origin of religion

* Creation myth
  (name of the god) was swimming in (name of the sea) on the top of a turtle shell, surfing the universe. You will ask. Who can that be? Isn't it obvious? The turtle shell is concave.
  When suddenly an old thought came to his mind.
  - Oh I miss my old friend(meaning his dog pet, that's why when he will be included in histories will always be with his dog). I should create a home for him. Yes!
  In this very moment. (name of the god) had a mission. Create a home for his very best friend.
  Thousands of ideas crossed his mind. Ultimately none was good enough. In the end one that satisfied him arrived.
  - Divide and conquer! I will make it happen breaking apart all the knowledge that I gathered through all this years.
  After swimming for hours. (name of the god) arrived at the center island. (name of the god) went under a palm where he laid 11 eggs and vomited 1 more. They will hatch whenever they are needed.

  (name of the god of physics) hatched from the first egg. Only one thing populated his thoughts. I have to create the strongest foundation for my siblings.
  (name of the god of physics) started with the physics laws. At this point there was the universe in it's more primitive status. Without rules. Once the physics laws were in order.
  The task of planet formation came next. The same moment (name of the god of physics) felt that the world was ready. The second egg hatched.

  (name of the god of life) hatched from the second egg. (name of the god of life) talked with (name of the god of physics) to understand the world and plan accordingly.
  The first was to create life in the water. But (name of the god of life) couldn't do it by itself. The ninth egg hatched.

  (name of the god of time) hatched from the ninth egg. With the introduction of life and a clear idea of development (name of the god of time) came to help handle the laws of time. The eleventh egg hatched.

  (name of the god of equilibrium) hatched from the eleventh egg. The universe was getting complex and (name of the god of equilibrium) was here to bring balance to the galaxy. The third egg hatched.

  (name of the god of magic) hatched from the third egg. (name of the god of magic) after talking with (name of the god of physics) and (name of the god of life) begin the creation of the magic.
  (name of the god of magic) first gave magic to the world and the life forms within it. (name of the god of magic) now without the pressure of the other two gods started the creation of the 
  laws of magic. The twelfth egg hatched.

  (name of the god of leadership) hatched from the twelfth egg(the one vomited). The gods were good at doing their job but they needed a path to walk along the other gods. The fourth egg hatched.

  (name of the god of development) hatched from the fourth egg. (name of the god of development) after talking with the (name of the god of life) and (name of the god of magic) began the 
  design of the evolution path for any life form in the planet. Once finished. The fifth and sixth egg hatched.

  (name of the god of plantae) and (name of the god of animalia) hatched from the fifth and sixth egg respectively. (name of the god of life) had too much on its plate so he/she decided 
  that he/she couldn't do it alone and he/she as leader of (name of the god of plantae), taking care of the plant kingdom, and (name of the god of animalia), taking care of the animal kingdom, will
  make a world full of life. The three of them started working hard on the life of the planet with the help of (name of the god of development). This brought to life plants and animals. Creating
  a very diverse ecosystem. But evolution never stops. Humans were born. The tenth egg hatched.

  (name of the god of passion) hatched from the tenth egg. The world was full of life but was lacking passion, there is where (name of the god of passion) shines. The seventh egg hatched.

  (name of the god of society) hatched from the seventh egg. (name of the god of society) working with (name of the god of life) crafted two main societies for our world. One more focus on the 
  animal part of the humans and the other more focus on the social part. Each one with its small subdivisions. The eighth egg hatched.

  (name of the god of knowledge) hatched from the eighth egg. (name of the god of knowledge) made a brain design that would not only be able to handle dna and basics behaviors but also think way 
  further than the other animals and retain an incredible amount of knowledge.

  All together created what now we call home.

  - Comments:
  -- This order is a guideline a lot happened overlapping with other things.
  -- This is a first draft only to have a clear structure and a path to follow.
  -- The number of the eggs is the order in which they were put not hatched. Maybe I can swap this in the future.

* The 12 demigods(in order of creation)
** God of Physics
   Commanded to create the universe and the physics laws.

** God of Life
   Commanded to manage the life in the universe.

** God of Magic
   Commanded to create the magical interactions and the magic laws.

** God of Development
   Commanded to bring proper evolution to the universe.

** God of Plantae
   Commanded to help the god of life handle plantae kingdom.

** God of Animalia
   Commanded to help the god of life handle animalia kingdom.

** God of Society
   Commanded to help the god of animalia handle human behavior.

** God of Knowledge
   Commanded to help the god of animalia handle human knowledge.

** God of Time
   Commanded to help the god of physics handle the time(everything has a beginning and an end).

** God of Passion
   Commanded to bring passion into the universe.

** God of Equilibrium
   Commanded to maintain the universe in well balanced state.

** God of Leadership
   Commanded to lead the rest of the gods into a coherent path and make them work together to achieve the creation.
