
* ToDo
  - [ ] Prevalence of magic users
  - [ ] Society's perception of magic
  - [ ] Requirements of using magic

* Magic basic rules
  - Every person has magic in it's own.
  - Every person has a unique tree and a unique stone assigned to them.
  -- The stone is related to their personality.
  -- The stone is mixed with the magical metal.
  - The food is the fuel of the magic.
  -- The food allow the people to no sleep.
  -- The magic doesn't affect the food in any way: duplication, speed, etc.
  -- The magic users won't be able to do powerful magic after fasting half day.
  -- The magic users won't be able to do any magic after fasting for a day.
  - Alcoholic drinks kill all the fuel given by the food while it last in the body.
  - You will need the wood of the tree and the stone assigned to you and be in contact with both at the same time.
  - If you have a strong bond with an animal and you are together in the moment you channel magic, you will be able to channel a stronger magic.

** Magic limits
   - Magic cannot be used against a magic containing thing(chop a tree with magic, or kill a living thing). Unless the person is so powerful that breaks the magic laws and can perform
     harmful magic. When this occurs the person that perform the magic on porpuse gets corrupted, and when this person touch anything, has a percentage of corrupting what it touchs, killing it,
     the percentage and the size depends on the times and magnitude of the harmful actions performed.

* The magical metal
  It has a "pure state" that is when is untouched.
  To extract it the people will use different techniques to achieve certain qualities, the potency of the qualities depends on how many are they trying to maximize(more qualities = less potency).

* Magic tool
  The tool can have any form, while the stone and the wood and the person are in contact, it works.

** Standard uses
   - A wand form
   -- A stick from the tree in one hand and the stone in the other.
   -- A stick from the tree with the stone embedded on it.
   - A staff form
   -- A branch from the tree with the stone embedded and completely covered.

** Non Standard uses
   - Musical instrument
   -- Any form that produces music.
   -- If you make music and then(while the music last) cast a spell this will be different.
   --- The spells can have special, different or stronger effects depending of the spell type.
   - Embedded on your skin
   -- If you put the stone and the wood inside your skin, you can perform magic at all time without being disarmed.

** Tool crafting
   - The wood is carved and decorated as the owner wish.
   - The person can put the stone inside the tree and let it grow around it for a more integral tool.
   - The person can take the wood and carve it, in order to be able to interchange the stone.
   - The person can create several wood parts, like a normal wand, a musical instrument etc, and interchange the stone.

   - The color of the spells for the person depends on the stone color. The color tends to white if the action is for good, to black if the action if for bad.
* How to get magic
  If a person will be able to wield magic depends on how they grow up.
  Between the birth and 12 years old, if certain things happen the person will be connected with the magic.
  - If the person develop a strong personality.
  - If the person expend enough time with mother nature. A tree and a stone will bond with the person depending on the personality and the amount of time.
  - If the person is able to dream and situate the wood and the stone.

** Dreams process
   To achieve the dream state there is a food that can make the person fall asleep and dream.
   - The ritual is made once a year from 8 to 11 years.
   - In adults is ineffective for the amount of mass.
   - Yes is a toxic food.
   - The dreams are very realistic and quite easy to remember.

*** The four odds on the dreams.
    -- If the person don't dream, the person fails in the two first tasks.
    -- If the person don't remember or is not able to recognize anything, the person fails in one of the two first tasks or is not fully develop.
    -- If the person recognize some parts but not fully, the person is not fully develop but it's close.
    -- If the person recognize both places, the person is ready to start the wood and stone recollection.


** Downsides
   Some regions will ban the use of magic and forbids the process of achieving the dreams.
   Some families are scared of the process and forbids the child to take part.
   Some people might force the child to become a magic user, trying to make them have a strong personality and expending time outside. This approach usually fails as in real life.

** Smart improvements to achieve magic more easily
   - Teach the child to draw.
   - Teach the child to orient himself.

** Non standard process
   Some people could find the stone and the wood by pure luck. If the person bring them together and try some magic spell, it will work as normal.

* Process of becoming a skilled magic user
  Between the 12 and 18 years the person will learn through different ways how to use the magic.
  The development of the personality will mark how strong is the person in the different areas of the magic.
