
* Age of Mythology
  - years from 0 to 12
  - God create the universe
  - Then he realize it's too much work for him alone and create the 12 demigods to finish it.
  - The 12 spend 12 years making the best posible world.

** Time line
   - God bored in its universe of solitude.
   - Creation of the 12 demigods(Not all at the same time, they were created by necesity(see order in mythology)) by God.
   - Creation of the universe by god of physics.
   - Choose the planet and the creation of life by god of life.
   - Creation of magic by god of magic.
   - The hability to evolve and develop by god of developmento.
   - Plantae kingdom by god of plantae.
   - Animalia kingdom by god of animalia.
   - Early humans start forming societies by god of society.
   - Sequence of existence and events(often call time) by god of time.
   - Introduction of emotions by god of Passion.
   - Control of the status of the universe by god of equilibrium.
   - Full development of the universe by all the gods guided by the god of leadership.

** Documentation
   - Through this 12 years, the time and the whole evolution process was accelerated.
     In 12 years happened the equivalent of billions of years in what would be normal time.
   - In this 12 years the gods were actively developing the universe, sculpting it to its best.
   - After the years passed and everything was going smoothly, the time was reverted to its normal status 
     and the gods retired to its mountanious retreat.
   - Since then they have been looking the development of the universe, interfering when it was strictly necesary.
